I don't want to be with you now.
I have no grudge against you
Why do you keep picking things up?
Don't think that someone who always knows how to help him can grab it
I always have to
Keep your mouth clean
I don't care about the position of director
Since you don't plan anything
You shouldn't be your man
Lin Ziming
When will Mr. Lu hand over the financial resources and level to you?
When do you mind
I advise you not to do it for irrelevant people
Lost his job
Do I want to watch you bully my people?
Your people hum
Your child can't go anywhere without a man
I married your poor husband for you
Why do I think I don't need you?
Your husband doesn't
I'm still him.
The biggest backer
I also deserve to wait for your hands to be useless
I see what else you do
Collect some for me.
It's just a mess
Then hum
Annoying me is self-taught grave
I have to teach you a lesson to shut up
If Mr. Lu knew you were bullying me
So what if you know?